[agent] disable service check (#14819)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/troubleshooting/agent_check_status.md

**Note**: Replace `<CHECK_NAME>` in the examples below with any Agent check. For example: `activemq`, `ceph`, or `elastic`. Review an [integration's documentation][1] to confirm the Agent check name.

> **Note**: To disable a service check, rename `/conf.d/<CHECK_NAME>.d/conf.yaml` to something other than `.yaml`, `.yml` file extension, like `conf.yaml.disable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: To temporarily disable a service check while troubleshooting, rename `/conf.d/<CHECK_NAME>.d/conf.yaml` to something other than the `.yaml` or `.yml` file extension, such as `conf.yaml.disable`.
```
